<h1>This Project was made under the mentorship and guidance of Mr. Vimal Daga.</h1>

<h3>Created a menu project in Python for using different libraries to automate
various tasks.</h3>
<h3>The menu is created in a way that the user has to Speak through the
microphone what they want to do from the menu.
</h3>

<h3>Content of the menu project :
1. Sending email using the yagmail library and we have to provide these
inputs:
   - Sender’s email.
   - App password (generated by Google).
   - Receiver’s email.
   - Subject of email.
   - Body of email.

2. Sending SMS using Textlocal Api and requests library and we have to
provide these inputs:
   - Textlocal Api-key.
   - Sender id (approved by Textlocal).
   - Receiver's mobile number (format - 911234567890).
   - Textlocal approved template message.

3. Scrap top 5 Google search results using SerpApi and requests library
and we have to provide these inputs:
   - What you want to search on Google.
   - Specify number of results you want.
   - SerpApi key.

4. Find geo coordinates and location using geocoder library and we have to put the IP Address as input.

5. Convert Text-to-Audio using pyttsx3 library and we have to provide these inputs:
   - Write your text to be spoken.
   - Set the volume (0.1 for minimum and 1.0 for maximum volume).
   - Set the voice to male or female (0 for male and 1 for female).

6. Control volume of system using pycaw and comtypes library and we have to provide the volume level between the range of 0 to 100 as input.

7. Send bulk Email using yagmail library and providing a .csv file with the list of Email IDs we have to provide these inputs:
   - Sender’s email.
   - App password (generated by Google).
   - Subject of email.
   - Body of email.
   - Specify name of the file with .csv extension.
</h3>